Manufacturer: Lems Shoes 
Model name: MEN'S,MESA 

Short description:
Knit? Neat! The newest edition to our collection might be one of our most
comfortable yet. The mesh keeps your feet fresh, the natural foot-shape keeps
you feeling good, and the 4mm drop platform keeps you balanced. 

Long description:
    






















































      
        

          
            
 
            





              
KNIT MESH
                
“Tight-knit, incredibly comfortable, and easy to slip into”
                  is how you’ll be describing both the Mesa and your
                  relationship with them.


            
          

        
      


      
        

          
            
 
            





              
QUICK DRYING
                
While you can’t step into the same stream twice, if you
                  happen to step in any stream, you can be sure these shoes will
                  dry quickly.  


            
          

        
      


      
        

          
            
 
            





              
ACTIVE FUNCTIONAL FIT
                
These have been made with a little bit of Shoe Magic and
                  somehow fit perfectly, every time.


            
          

        
      


      
        

          
            
 
            





              
FULL RUBBER OUTSOLE
                
Tread made for pounding the pavement, blazing a trail, or
                  anything else you might have on the agenda.


            
          

        
      


      
        

          
            
 
            





              
SUPER LIGHTWEIGHT
                
Don’t be fooled by Mesa’s lightweight qualities. This shoe
                  tackles trails like a heavyweight.  


            
          

        
      


      
        

          
            
 
            





              
ULTRA FLEXIBLE
                
Looking for a little more flexibility in your life? Look no
                  further. Utilizing a puzzle-like tread pattern and a very
                  minimal upper, the Mesa is built to fit anywhere.

            
          

        
      



















































    

  


IS IT A SHOE? IS IT A SOCK? WHATEVER IT IS, IT'S SIMPLY A-MESA-ING.

The Mesa is the natural next step in our
    Mountain-to-Town collection. How natural? Well, considering this shoe feels
    more like a sock than most of the mis-matched socks in your drawer, pretty
    natural. 

Its lightweight materials and ultra flexible
    fit make it the perfect hybrid yoga-hiking-gym-airport shoe. Its 100% vegan
    materials make it easy to love.  Its dynamic fit makes it easy to wear.
    Its knit mesh makes it easy to avoid foot-funk through quick-dry. Its owner
    (you) makes it look really good.

  
Upper: Sock-like, stretchy knit
        construction with TPU frame overlay
  
Midsole: EVA
  
Mountain-to-Town Outsole: Full solid rubber
        specifically engineered for both trail and pavement
  
Last: Active functional fit 
  
Footbed: 4.5mm breathable molded PU
  
    Stack Height: 15-19mm (Women)
    /16-20mm (Men)
  
Drop: 4mm
  
Weight: 9.8 oz. (Men) / 8.4 oz. (Women)
  
Additional Info: Vegan friendly


 

 