Manufacturer: Lems Shoes 
Model name: *LIMITED,EDITION,-,WOMEN'S,TRAILHEAD,V2 

Short description:
If you’re looking for the raddest pair around, then prepare to be supremely
stoked. This Limited Edition of totally tubular Trailheads have all the sick
features and killer comfort of the V2 Trailheads, but with the gnarliest 80’s
inspired design you’ve seen this side of the upside down. But, there’s only 900
pairs, so you gotta get 'em like pronto.
Sizing Information
Complete the look with a one-of-a-kind retro inspired LE Graphic Tee! Available
here. 

Long description:
    


































































































      
        

          
            
 
            





              
RETRO 80'S COLOR
                
Inspired by the playful, head-turnin’ colors and overall funk
                  of the era, we decided to have some fun of our own and bring
                  that out in a product that so many of you have come to love. ⠀

            
          

        
      


      
        

          
            
 
            





              
SUPER SWEET SUEDE UPPER
                
We made some changes to the materials - have you been per-sueded to
                  the LE yet? We have.


            
          

        
      


      
        

          
            
 
            





              
LOW HEEL DROP, DUDE
                
Lower than the GPA of John Bender, these kicks
                  offer a 4mm drop. If you know, you know.


            
          

        
      


      
        

          
            
 
            





              
RUGGED NEON OUTSOLE
                
Crafted with a low profile rubber that has ample tread
                  and will keep you looking rad wearing it around town... or in
                  the arcade, or hunting for UFOs + Bigfoot. You know, whatever
                  you’re into.


            
          

        
      









    

  


THE RADDEST SHOE YOU'VE SEEN ON THIS SIDE OF THE UPSIDE DOWN

What can you do in this Limited Edition pair? Psh, like, I don’t know,
  everything? Hiking (cool), skateboarding (obviously), crushing brewskis with
  friends (duh), just to name a few. And what makes these even MORE dope is the
  wider-than-average toe box, a drop that’s even lower than your high school
  GPA, and their lightweight design that makes them totally fit into your locker
  or your bike basket. Sick!

We were feeling super inspired by the 80’s
    (aka the raddest decade ever), which is why these shoes come in our most
    outrageous colorway yet, Mercury Sunset. They also have a sweet suede
    texture that’s smoother than Tom Selleck’s moustache. Don’t believe us? Well
    then buckle up, buddy.  

  
    Upper: Suede + air mesh
  
  
Midsole: EVA
  
Lining: Cotton + Polyester
  
Mountain-to-Town Outsole: Full length rubber specifically engineered for both trail and
        pavement
  
Footbed: 4.5mm
        breathable molded PU
  
    Stack Height: 17mm/21mm
  
    Drop: 4.0mm 
  
Weight: 9.5oz (Women's 9)


 

For additional information please check out our FAQ page!