Manufacturer: Lems Shoes 
Model name: WOMEN'S,MARINER 

Short description:
Our modern take on what is now an iconic style, the Mariner boat shoe showcases a
wide fit and flexible feel, while incorporating a full-grain leather upper.
Ditch the socks and hit the docks in the Mariner – we’re shore you’ll be hooked
on these lightweight boat shoes.
Sizing Information
*Sizing Note - Order 1/2 SIZE LARGER than your normal US size. 

Long description:
    






























      
        

          
            
 
            





              
IBR OUTSOLE
                
Our injection blown rubber outsole is what makes
                  Lems incredibly lightweight and flexible.

            
          

        
      


      
        

          
            
 
            





              
ULTRA LIGHTWEIGHT
                
These everyday shoes are some of the lightest on the market
                  and are intended to feel like you're wearing nothing at all.

            
          

        
      


      
        

          
            
 
            





              
ZERO-DROP
                
Places the forefoot and heel flat to the ground correcting
                  posture, aligning your spine, and encouraging mid-foot strike.

            
          

        
      


      
        

          
            
 
            





              
WIDE TOE BOX
                
Unlike traditional footwear that squeeze the toes together,
                  our foot-shaped toe box allows for maximum room giving the
                  toes ultimate freedom to wiggle and spread.


            
          

        
      













































































    

  


DON'T MISS THE BOAT

You may not own a boat or even been on a boat, but that shouldn’t
    dampen your interest in this minimalist boat shoe. We’ve taken our original
    Mariner, kept it’s natural shape, wide toebox, and ultra-minimalist design
    and decked out the rest! The flexible, zero-drop outsole
    will bring you back down to sea level and if scuffing your skib is a
    concern, know that the sole is non-marking.  Forget
    about any anchors dragging you down, because the Mariner 2’s lightweight
    form comes in at a mere 8.9oz. With those features you might assume we
    avoided quality materials, but think again, because our top quality 1.8mm
    leather upper is built to last.

These boat shoes will help promote better balance more than any dose of
    Dramamine; increase mobility in the saltiest of sea legs; and help alleviate
    certain foot ailments such as bunions and hammertoes.  There
    may be plenty of fish in this sea, but none are going to compare to the
    comfortability, sustainability, and functionality of the Mariner 2.  A
    wise man once said, “He who waits for his ship to come in, always misses the
    boat”.  Don’t let the Mariner 2 slip by.
    Hook yourself a pair now!

  
Last: Lems Natural-Shape™
      Last
  
Upper: 1.8mm full-grain leather
  
Lining: No lining (raw leather for
      breathability)
  
Outsole: 9.0mm LemsRubber™ (air-injection
      rubber)
  
Insole: 3.5mm open cell PU
  
    Stack Height: 10.0mm (not including 3.0mm insole)
  
Drop: 0.0mm (Zero-Drop)
  
Weight: 7.8oz/221g (size 43) 


 

For additional information please check out our FAQ page!