Manufacturer: Lems Shoes 
Model name: MEN'S,WATERPROOF,BOULDER,BOOT 

Short description:
If you loved the incredibly good looking Leather Boulder Boot, have we got
something exciting for you. The upgraded version is made with all the features
you know and love, like supreme flexibility, a zero-drop platform, and
unparalleled packability, but now, it’s also waterproof! That’s right, you can
dive right into your next adventure while keeping your feet fully dry. 

Long description:
    










































































      
        

          
            
 
            





              
WATERPROOF
                
Rain or sun, we’re ready. Not only can you skip along
                  streams and keep your toes dry, you can up the ante on where
                  your travel takes you this winter, thanks to your new
                  favorite pair, complete with a gusseted
                  tongue.  


            
          

        
      


      
        

          
            
 
            





              
OILED LEATHER UPPER
                
We’ve utilized a 100% full-grain leather with an oiled
                  finish, that is pre-treated to be water repellent. To increase
                  the water-repellency and extend it over the life of the shoe,
                  we suggest using a waterproofing wax such as Otter
                    Wax and reapplying 2-3 times per year.

            
          

        
      


      
        

          
            
 
            





              
IBR OUTSOLE
                
Our injection blown rubber outsole is what makes Lems
                  incredibly lightweight and flexible. Deemed as the perfect
                  travel companion, this boot can pack down to the size of your
                  favorite puff jacket. 


            
          

        
      


      
        

          
            
 
            





              
ULTRA LIGHTWEIGHT
                
These everyday shoes are some of the lightest on the market.
                  You might be tempted to think you’re not wearing shoes at all,
                  but don’t be fooled; we’ve got your feet covered. 

            
          

        
      


      
        

          
            
 
            





              
ZERO-DROP
                
Places the forefoot and heel flat to the ground correcting
                  posture, aligning your spine, and encouraging mid-foot
                  strike. 


            
          

        
      


      
        

          
            
 
            





              
GUSSETED TONGUE
                
Whether you prefer your laces loose, or tied up tight, thanks
                  to the gusseted tongue you’ll always be protected from the
                  elements.


            
          

        
      































    

  


OUR #1 SELLER GOT A HELLUVA LOT BETTER

The Waterproof Boulder Boot has long been our most requested shoe, and
    we’re confident that they’ll be worth the wait. Speaking of weight, this
    boot still maintains the lightweight frame you’ve come to know and love from
    Lems — even though we’ve added a unique waterproof membrane, these puppies
    will still hit the scale at a featherlight 12.9oz. 

We also took some time to rethink the overall construction of our latest
  release, and reinforced everything; from a thicker gauge thread to an overall
  stronger outer construction, this is our toughest pair yet. And yes, before
  you ask, they’re zero-drop. Ready to roll through a river, plow through an ice
  pack, or anything else on your agenda? Good, because so are our Waterproof
  Boulder Boots, which keep your feet shockingly clear from clammy conditions
  due to a breathable waterproof membrane that stops water from penetrating into
  the boot, while still allowing the heat from your feet to escape. This
  kind-of-a-big-deal boot also utilizes a pre-treated leather upper, that can be
  reapplied with waterproofing wax/spray
  to help extend its water repellency.

The Waterproof Boulder Boot is the one shoe that does it all without
    ever missing a step. You can easily pack it, but you’ll also feel good
    wearing it everywhere, everyday. And just so you know — this boot was
    designed with an incredible amount of detail and care, and we can’t wait to
    see where you go in it.

  
Waterproofing: 100% - breathable waterproof
      membrane
  
Tongue Construction: gusseted 
  
Last: Lems Natural-Shape™
      Last
  
Upper: Full-grain oiled leather
  
Lining: Full-grain leather + moisture wicking
  
Outsole: 9.0mm LemsRubber™ (air-injection
      rubber)
  
Footbed: 3.5mm removable PU insole
  
    Stack Height: 10.0mm (not including 3.0mm insole)
  
Drop: 0.0mm (Zero-Drop)
  
Weight: 12.9oz. (Men's size 9)
  
Laces Provided: 2


For additional information please check out our FAQ page!

 


 

 