Manufacturer: Lems Shoes 
Model name: WOMEN'S,TRAILHEAD,V2 

Short description:
If you're looking for a pair of minimalist hiking shoes that can do it all, the
Trailhead is the answer to your every move. Comprised of microfiber and air
mesh, with a full-length rubber outsole, these lightweight vegan friendly trail
shoes are equipped to take on the trail and tackle the city streets, all in the
same day. Learn more about the Trailhead version 2 updates here!
Sizing Information 

Long description:
    
















































      
        

          
            
 
            





              
MOUNTAIN-TO-TOWN OUTSOLE
                
Engineered with a new, low profile, rubber tread
                  that combines the best of both worlds: ample traction on
                  trails, AND excellent durability on pavement.


            
          

        
      


      
        

          
            
 
            





              
NATURAL SHAPE TOE BOX
                
We've re-designed the original Lems Last for a more active
                  fit. This new sneaker features a natural-shaped toe
                  box, paired with a slim heel fit.


            
          

        
      


      
        

          
            
 
            





              
RUGGED UPPER
                
The upper is made of durable materials that stand up to the
                  abuses of trails, and also daily wear and tear.

            
          

        
      


      
        

          
            
 
            





              
RETRO SNEAKER STYLING
                
We wanted a shoe that can perform both on the trails AND look
                  great around town - so we took inspiration from 90's running
                  sneakers.


            
          

        
      


      
        

          
            
 
            





              
LOW HEEL DROP
                
With 4mm of drop, compared to the traditional 12mm of drop,
                  the Trailhead naturally decreases heel-striking for a more
                  natural gait and healthier posture.


            
          

        
      


      
        

          
            
 
            





              
FIRM CUSHIONING
                
When your foot is on too soft of cushion, you end up with
                  pain and discomfort. We've formulated a firm EVA midsole
                  that'll keep your feet happy all day long.


            
          

        
      

























































    

  


ALL-ADVENTURE, TRAVEL ANYWHERE SHOE

Our most versatile shoe yet, the Lems
    Mountain Sneaker is our take on a minimalist hiking shoe equipped for any
    trail, trek or urban travel adventure. With its wide toe box, minimal heel
    drop, and lightweight design, it's sure to keep pushing your boundaries.
    Whether you're climbing a 14er, going on a bike and brew tour, or even
    backpacking around the world, the Trailhead will be sure to take you far
    away from the ordinary. Designed for the trail but styled for the city
    streets, this 100% vegan hiking shoe will be the answer for your every move.

  
    Upper: Microfiber and air mesh
  
    Midsole: EVA
  
    Mountain-to-Town Outsole: Full length rubber
    specifically engineered for both trail and pavement
  
    Last: Active functional fit
  
    Footbed 4.5mm breathable molded PU
  
    Stack Height: 17mm/21mm
  
    Drop: 4.0mm
  
    Weight: 9.5oz (Women's 9)
  
    Additional Info: Vegan friendly




LEARN
      MORE ABOUT THE TRAILHEAD VERSION 2 HERE

For additional information please check out our FAQ page!