Manufacturer: Wildling 
Model name: NEBULA 

Short description:
The Nebula is an exclusive and highly unusual Wildling model.
It’s an airy hybrid that combines an anatomically shaped knitted body with the
classic Wildling design.
It took more than 3 years to perfect the knitting pattern and create the
ultimate minimal shoe. With an upper material that firmly hugs the foot yet
yields where necessary, this low cut can fulfil its function, embracing the foot
like a second skin.
The Nebula is made of just three pieces and only a few simple stitches to give
it its unique fit. It weighs in at a featherweight 129 grams at size 40.
The material used offers excellent breathability, and, together with the gap in
the Wildling outsole, allows air to circulate around the foot. This area is also
reinforced with Dyneema thread, which has a strength-to-weight ratio that is 15
times stronger than steel’s.
The way the material is knitted ensures that only the inside - made of
iVN-certified, mulesing-free, climate-regulating merino wool - touches the foot.
The outer side is made of abrasion-resistant polyester.
So the Nebula is the perfect shoe for indoor activities, as well as a unique
companion on outdoor adventures.
For additional comfort, the Nebula includes a removable insole that makes airing
and drying easier, plus microfibre padding at the heel, for a more secure fit.
For a splash of color you can switch the flat Tencel laces for cotton or elastic
laces, available separately.

Please note:
This low cut is water-permeable.
When airing and drying, we recommend removing the insole.
Optically Nebula appears a little smaller due to the elastic material, for the
size selection we recommend to orientate at the fit information.
*Ethylene-vinyl acetate – orthopaedic closed-cell foam, tested for harmful
substances and free from plasticizers 

Long description:
Upper:
Knitted Merino mix (55% polyester, 31% pure new wool IVN Best) --- grey
Insole:
Washi (75 % paper, 25 % polyester)
Removable insole:
Lunatur (80 % EVA**, 20 % walnut shells)
Outsole:
Synthetic rubber with approx. 50% recycled content, cork;
2.5 mm (36-41); 3.5 mm (42-48) – off-white