Manufacturer: Lems Shoes 
Model name: WOMEN'S,CHUKKA,CANVAS 

Short description:
While this colorway might be called ‘Blackout’, shoes don’t get much greener than
this. Made of organic canvas, a fully recycled lining, and fully recycled laces,
the Chukka you know and love has gone completely Captain Planet. These canvas
champs also feature a wide toe box, zero-drop platform, and IBR outsole - just
like you’ve come to expect.
Sizing Information 

Long description:
    










































































































      
        

          
            
 
            





              
RECYCLED MATERIALS
                
Reducing our carbon footprint, some materials in these
                  Chukkas have already lived one life, and are now ready for you
                  to give them a new one!


            
          

        
      


      
        

          
            
 
            





              
VEGAN
                
These shoes are all about seeing animals in nature, not
                  wearing ‘em. From top to bottom, these bad boys are 100%
                  vegan-friendly.


            
          

        
      


      
        

          
            
 
            





              
ZERO-DROP
                
The day-to-day shouldn’t reak havoc on your back. With a
                  zero-drop platform, your spine will be feeling fine.

            
          

        
      


      
        

          
            
 
            





              
WIDE TOE BOX
                
Squished toes? Not here. Our Chukkas come standard with a toe
                  box almost as wide as the Wyoming sky.


            
          

        
      

    

  


CANVAS + ECO-CONSCIOUS? CLEARLY A WINNER

With an upper made of 100% organic canvas,
    our newest edition to the Chukka family was created with cotton grown from
    natural seeds on a certified organic farm. This farm rules so hard that they
    only use organic farming practices without the use of pesticides, artificial
    fertilizers, or other harmful chemicals. The lining? Well that’s made from
    100% recycled polyester which came from recycled PET bottles. And, if you’re
    still not sold on how great these Chukkas are, even the shoelaces are made
    from recycled material. Believe it or not, your feet are about to get even
    more vegan-friendly. 

But enough about what they’re made of, and
    let’s get into what they’re made for. Because everyone looks good in black,
    there’s basically zero scenarios where these wouldn’t enhance your outfit.
    Whether you’re disconnecting in nature or suiting up for date night, these
    zero-drop, wide toe box Chukkas are one of the only pairs you’ll need in
    your wardrobe, besides your other Lems, of course.

  
Last: Lems Natural-Shape™
      Last
  
Upper: 100% organic cotton canvas
  
Lining: 100% recycled polyester
  
Outsole: 9.0mm LemsRubber™ (air-injection
      rubber)
  
Footbed: 3.5mm removable moisture wicking PU
      insole
  
    Stack Height: 10.0mm (not including 3.0mm insole)
  
Drop: 0.0mm (Zero-Drop)
  
    Weight: 9.62oz/272g (size W8) 


For additional information please check out our FAQ page!