Manufacturer: Wildling 
Model name: TANUKI KESHI 

Short description:
The stones on the path tickle your feet. Your thoughts are elsewhere. A thin
branch breaks, snapping into the silence. Now you’re fully present; the light of
the low sun conjures up red shadows in front of your feet. Right and left,
poppies in full bloom billow in the fields. The sky, the earth, everything
glows. Laughing, you look at your feet and let your red Tanuki Keshis lead the
way home.
You shouldn't stand in the way of light-footed little adventurers. And the deep
red high-cut Tanuki Keshi (“poppy”) certainly doesn't do that. Quite the
opposite. It protects little paws from injury, while the unique stretch
properties of the new Washi fabric from the Japanese company Itiotex make the
featherweight shoes feel like a second skin.
The insole and the microfibre padding at the heel provide wild paws with even
more comfort, while protecting the shoe from abrasion at the same time. We
recommend kneading the padding to soften it before the first wearing.
For even more individuality you can swap the silver-grey cotton laces for other
colors or colored elastic laces.
Please note:
The color of the microfibre padding can rub off. We therefore recommend washing
the shoes by hand in clear water before wearing them for the first time, and not
wearing them with light-colored socks.
Due to the environmentally-friendly print on the insole, colors may rub off,
too. We therefore recommend bearing that in mind when choosing which socks to
wear.
Each individual shoe is a unique, handcrafted item. You may therefore find
slight irregularities in texture and color.
Extensive wearing may create a kind of denim effect with a washed-out look.
This minimal shoe is water-permeable, can be worn in water and dries very
quickly. 

Long description:
Upper:
Washi (75% paper, 25% polyester) - deep red
Insole:
Washi (75% paper, 25% polyester)
Removable insole:
80% EVA and 20% walnut shells
Outsole:
Synthetic rubber with approx. 50% recycled content, cork;
2.5 mm - dark brown
Additional information:
Contains no products of animal origin