Manufacturer: Wildling 
Model name: DOVE 

Short description:
This morning the wind is still fresh, wildly tousling their feathers. The two
doves sit close together, enjoying the warmth and comfort. Tiny blossoms whirl
around cheekily in front of their beaks. Now there's nothing more to hold them
back. With powerful beats of their wings they work their way up into the air.
The wild fluttering awakens the wildlife in the surrounding trees, and the whole
area is soon whistling and singing.
This dove-blue minimal shoe sits just below the ankle and accompanies little
light-footed explorers on all their journeys in spring and summer. The organic
cotton upper with its chequered Panama weave guarantees air flow and creates a
cheerful denim effect.
The comfortable lining made of natural white organic cotton has an indigo leaf
pattern, while the integrated red insole, made of hemp-flax fleece and covered
with cotton, has wonderful climate and temperature regulating characteristics.
The mid-brown sole is 2.5 mm thin and very flexible, so your wilding can enjoy a
pleasant, near-barefoot feeling when walking. Integrated microfibre padding
provides additional comfort for sensitive paws. We recommend kneading the
padding to soften it before the first wearing.
The light-blue cotton flat laces can be swapped for a different color or elastic
laces, available separately.
Please note:
Due to the environmentally-friendly print, some color may rub off on
light-colored socks.Each individual shoe is a unique, handcrafted item made of a
natural material.
You may therefore find slight irregularities in texture and color.
The fabrics are dyed in a very gentle and environmentally-friendly manner, with
no added chemicals.
As a result, the color of the upper material may fade, and abrasion may create a
kind of denim effect with a washed-out look. 

Long description:
Upper:
Panama (100% cotton from certified organic sources) - dove blue
Lining / insole:
100% cotton from certified organic sources
Edging:
Microfibre (97% polyamide, 3% polyurethane) - dove blue
Outsole:
Synthetic rubber with approx. 50 % recycled content, cork;
2.5 mm - mid-brown
Additional information:
Contains no products of animal origin