Manufacturer: Lems Shoes 
Model name: MEN'S,CHUKKA,SUEDE 

Short description:
Built on the same IBR outsole as our beloved Boulder Boot, Nine2Five, and
Mariner; the Chukka is the newest edition to the Lems line. As one of the most
versatile shoes in our collection, you can dress it up or keep it casual in
total comfort. The wide toe box, zero-drop platform, and ultra-soft suede gets
you from your morning meetings to happy hour without missing a step. 

Long description:
    


































































      
        

          
            
 
            





              
IBR OUTSOLE
                
Aka injection blown rubber outsole. This keeps the shoes
                  lightweight, flexible and supremely packable.


            
          

        
      


      
        

          
            
 
            





              
ULTRA LIGHTWEIGHT
                
These shoes are some of the lightest on the market - if you
                  were blindfolded, you might just think you're barefoot and
                  that's just the way we want it.


            
          

        
      


      
        

          
            
 
            





              
ZERO-DROP
                
While you're being conscious of where you're stepping, also
                  be conscious of how you're stepping. Zero-drop keeps your
                  spine in-line.


            
          

        
      


      
        

          
            
 
            





              
WIDE TOE BOX
                
The easiest way to ruin your day is to jam up your toes in
                  uncomfortable shoes. Give them the space they need to breathe
                  with our wide toe box.


            
          

        
      









































    

  


THE STYLISH SHOE THAT CAN GO ANYWHERE
      WITH YOU

Let’s be real: Plans change. Sometimes you’re
    fully prepared to roll into the office right on time, but then suddenly you
    find yourself needing to be somewhere classy. Thankfully you’re wearing your
    Chukkas, so your footwear is prepared for any event. 

The Chukkas spring you into action through their
    IBR outsole, which also keeps them unbelievably lightweight AND flexible.
    And because they’re zero-drop, your feet will be able to keep going long
    after you’ve tapped out. These mother Chukkas also come standard with a wide
    toe box which gives your little piggies all the room they need to feel free.

  
Last: Lems Natural-Shape™
      Last
  
Upper: 1.6mm ultra-soft suede
  
Lining: 100% cotton
  
Outsole: 9.0mm LemsRubber™ (air-injection
      rubber)
  
Footbed: 3.5mm removable moisture wicking PU
      insole
  
    Stack Height: 10.0mm (not including 3.0mm insole)
  
Drop: 0.0mm (Zero-Drop)
  
    Weight: 10.2oz/289g (size M10) 


For additional information please check out our FAQ page!