Manufacturer: Lems Shoes 
Model name: WOMEN'S,CHUKKA,CORDUROY 

Short description:
If you've already tried out our original Chukka, we're sure you'll fall in love
with this new version, especially if you are looking for a vegan option! Wrapped
in the comfiest corduroy you’ve ever felt, and built on the same IBR outsole as
our beloved Boulder Boot, Nine2Five, and Mariner; the Corduroy Chukka might just
be the best looking, do-it-all shoe you’ve ever owned. And in case you were
wondering, they’ve still got the wide toe box and zero-drop platform you look to
Lems for.
Sizing Information 

Long description:
    


























































































      
        

          
            
 
            





              
VEGAN FRIENDLY
                
We fully support your passion for both a healthier planet and
                  fashion. That’s why we made em both good looking AND vegan.

            
          

        
      


      
        

          
            
 
            





              
ULTRA LIGHTWEIGHT
                
These shoes are some of the lightest on the market - if you
                  were blindfolded, you might just think you're barefoot and
                  that's just the way we want it.


            
          

        
      


      
        

          
            
 
            





              
ZERO-DROP
                
While you're being conscious of where you're stepping, also
                  be conscious of how you're stepping. Zero-drop keeps your
                  spine in-line.


            
          

        
      


      
        

          
            
 
            





              
WIDE TOE BOX
                
The easiest way to ruin your day is to jam up your toes in
                  uncomfortable shoes. Give them the space they need to breathe
                  with our wide toe box.


            
          

        
      

















    

  


CORDUROY COMFORT CREATED CONSCIOUSLY FOR
      VEGANS

Maybe you fell in love with our first Chukka release, but the fact that they
  weren’t vegan held you back from buying. Or maybe the suede didn’t persuade
  (see what we did there?) you into a purchase. Either way, we sketched up
  something good looking, versatile, and vegan-friendly to fit every need you
  might have. 

On the topic of versatility, you can take
    these from Wall Street to a rock wall without ever feeling under OR
    overdressed. What else makes them kinda magical? Well, their IBR outsole
    keeps them as feather-light and as flexible as your plans, the zero-drop
    keeps your feet feeling carefree, and the wide toe box gives your toes room
    to breathe. 

So give corduroy a chance and checkout our
    three new colorways, Space Jelly, Green Kush, and Moon Dust, while you’re at
    it. 

  
Last: Lems Natural-Shape™
      Last
  
Upper: Corduroy
  
Lining: 100% cotton
  
Outsole: 9.0mm LemsRubber™ (air-injection
      rubber)
  
Footbed: 3.5mm removable moisture wicking PU
      insole
  
    Stack Height: 10.0mm (not including 3.0mm insole)
  
Drop: 0.0mm (Zero-Drop)
  
    Weight: 9.62oz/272g (size W8) 


For additional information please check out our FAQ page!