Manufacturer: Lems Shoes 
Model name: MEN'S,NINE2FIVE 

Short description:
With its natural foot shape, lightweight full-grain leather upper, and flexible
outsole, this toe-cap oxford shoe is perfect for any office space and will make
your happy hour commute that much more enjoyable. 

Long description:
    


















      
        

          
            
 
            





              
IBR OUTSOLE
                
Our injection blown rubber outsole is what makes
                  Lems incredibly lightweight. Deemed as the perfect travel
                  companion, this boot can pack down to the size of your
                  favorite puff jacket.


            
          

        
      


      
        

          
            
 
            





              
ULTRA LIGHTWEIGHT
                
These everyday shoes are some of the lightest on the market
                  and are intended to feel like you're wearing nothing at all.

            
          

        
      


      
        

          
            
 
            





              
ZERO-DROP
                
Places the forefoot AND heel the same distance from
                  the ground. No elevation, no pain, no complaints.

            
          

        
      


      
        

          
            
 
            





              
WIDE TOE BOX
                
Unlike traditional footwear that squeeze the toes together,
                  our foot-shaped toe box allows for maximum room giving the
                  toes ultimate freedom to wiggle and spread.


            
          

        
      

























































































    

  


DRESS SHOES DON'T HAVE TO BE UNCOMFORTABLE

Meet the Nine2Five - a dress shoe that has everything you’ve been
    looking for in footwear for the workday. Ultra-minimalist, zero drop dress
    shoes that are actually the natural shape of the foot were unheard of until
    now!  This oxford style shoe features a toebox that is wider than
    your cubicle and is so lightweight that it’s less ounces than your morning
    cup of joe. AND unlike that microwavable meal you brought for lunch, these
    shoes help to promote health! Help realign your posture, improve your gait,
    and alleviate certain foot ailments such as bunions and hammertoes in these
    full-grain leather oxfords! Whether on your feet or at a desk, the
    minimalist dress shoe you have been perusing the internet for when you
    should be typing up those TPS reports is from Lems Shoes.  So look
    no further, get yourself a pair, and climb your corporate ladder in the
    Nine2Five.


  
Last: Lems Natural-Shape™
      Last
  
Upper: 1.6mm full-grain leather with pull-up
      effect
  
Outsole: 9.0mm LemsRubber™ (air-injection
      rubber)
  
Insole: 3.5mm removable
          moisture wicking PU insole
  
Stack Height: 9.0mm (not including 3.5mm insole)
  
Drop: 0.0mm (Zero-Drop)
  
Weight: 8.6oz/244g (size 43)


 

For additional information please check out our FAQ page!