Manufacturer: Lems Shoes 
Model name: MEN'S,PRIMAL,2 

Short description:
Built on a zero-drop platform and weighing in at an ultra-lightweight 6.9oz, the
Primal 2 is perfect for minimalist lovers. With the Lems natural-shape fit and
vegan-friendly materials your feet are sure to be healthy and happy. 

Long description:
    


      
        

          
            
 
            





              
VEGAN MATERIALS
                
Comprised of microfiber and breathable air mesh, we made sure
                  that all materials, down to the laces and glue, are 100%
                  vegan.


            
          

        
      


      
        

          
            
 
            





              
ULTRA LIGHTWEIGHT
                
Our proprietary IBR outsole is what makes Lems incredibly
                  lightweight - giving your foot the sense of
                  weightlessness.


            
          

        
      


      
        

          
            
 
            





              
ZERO-DROP
                
Places the forefoot and heel flat to the ground correcting
                  posture, aligning your spine, and encouraging mid-foot strike.

            
          

        
      


      
        

          
            
 
            





              
WIDE TOE BOX
                
Unlike traditional footwear that squeeze the toes together,
                  our foot-shaped toe box allows for maximum room
                  giving the toes ultimate freedom to wiggle and spread.

            
          

        
      









































































































    

  


MORE FLEXIBLE THAN YOUR YOGA TEACHER

We don’t always wear shoes, but when we do, we choose the OG of the
    Lems line, the Primal 2 – an ultra-minimalist, everyday shoe that let’s you
    get the most out of every day. Its’ wide toe box, natural shape, and
    inspired minimalist running shoe design are ideal for any daily deed that
    your calendar calls for. Did we mention the zero drop outsole will make you
    more grounded than a spring chicken with aspirations of flight? Or the
    lightweight 6.9oz frame that gives you the impression that your feet are on
    cloud 9? Oh, and how about the super soft, vegan friendly materials that
    allow the foot to flex like a master of yin yoga? These features come
    together to comprise the Primal 2. All this while promoting healthy foot
    development and aiding in alleviating certain foot ailments such as bunions
    and hammertoes. A package deal like the Primal 2 is rarer than a unicorn
    colony dwelling under any double rainbow! So, whether standing at work,
    walking the dog, or running everyday errands, the Primal 2 is certainly the
    'go to shoe' for you. What are you waiting for? Carpe diem and seize
    yourself a pair of the insanely comfortable Primal 2.

  
    Last: Lems Natural-Shape™
    Last
  
Upper: Super-soft microfiber + open-weave mesh
      (100% vegan)
  
Lining: 100% moisture-wicking polyester
  
Outsole: 8.0mm LemsRubber™ (air-injection rubber)
  
Footbed: 3.5mm
        removable moisture wicking PU insole
  
    Stack Height: 9.0mm (not including 3.5mm footbed)
  
    Drop: 0.0mm (Zero-Drop)
  
Weight: 6.9oz/195g (size 43)


 

For additional information please check out our FAQ page!