Manufacturer: Lems Shoes 
Model name: WOMEN'S,BOULDER,BOOT,LEATHER 

Short description:
If you thought our highly flexible and extremely lightweight women's Boulder Boot
was ideal for travel and adventure, well think again! We took our original
minimalist design and added a completely full-grain leather upper to this
durable, packable women's hiking boot.
Sizing Information 

Long description:
    


























      
        

          
            
 
            





              
IBR OUTSOLE
                
Our injection blown rubber outsole is what makes
                  Lems incredibly lightweight. Deemed as the perfect travel
                  companion, this boot can pack down to the size of your
                  favorite puff jacket.


            
          

        
      


      
        

          
            
 
            





              
ULTRA LIGHTWEIGHT
                
These everyday shoes are some of the lightest on the market
                  and are intended to feel like you're wearing nothing at all.

            
          

        
      


      
        

          
            
 
            





              
ZERO-DROP
                
Places the forefoot and heel flat to the ground correcting
                  posture, aligning your spine, and encouraging mid-foot strike.

            
          

        
      


      
        

          
            
 
            





              
WIDE TOE BOX
                
Unlike traditional footwear that squeeze the toes together,
                  our foot-shaped toe box allows for maximum room giving the
                  toes ultimate freedom to wiggle and spread.


            
          

        
      

















































































    

  


WORLD'S MOST PACK-ABLE BOOT

Finding boots that are ultra-minimalist, featuring a wide toebox,
    lightweight form, and zero-drop design is more difficult than locating the
    infamous Sasquatch…but why?  Where is the minimalist boot that is
    the natural shape of the human foot; a boot that brings your feet closer to
    the earth with a barefoot design; a boot so lightweight that it cuts
    down on ounces more than this week's fad diet; and a boot that has
    a wide toebox with more open space than the state of Kansas? Well,
    guess what, Dorothy? Welcome home!

We here at Lems Shoes believe that you don't need to be some
    environmentalist who survives on organic granola and berries to know that
    going natural can have its benefits, which is why we bring you the Boulder
    Boot - a barefoot boot that has all of the natural features you’ve been
    searching for all while promoting healthy foot development, better balance,
    increased mobility in the feet, legs, and back AND helps to alleviate
    certain foot ailments such as bunions and hammer toes. If you're ready for a
    9.9oz boot (size 43) that can pack down into the smallest of daypacks or
    carry you on the farthest of Sasquatch searches, then it’s time you rock the
    Boulder.

  
Waterproofing: None
  
Last: Lems Natural-Shape™
      Last
  
Upper: Full-grain leather
  
Lining: 100% cotton
  
Outsole: 9.0mm LemsRubber™ (air-injection
      rubber)
  
Insole: 3.5mm removable
          moisture wicking PU insole
  
    Stack Height: 10.0mm (not including 3.5mm insole)
  
Drop: 0.0mm (Zero-Drop)
  
Weight: 9.9oz/280g (size 43)
  
Laces Provided: 2


 

For additional information please check out our FAQ page!